Warren Buffett's been radio silent since his ninety-fourth birthday, so Berkshire Hathaway's basically playing Weekend at Bernie's with a massive cash position.
Okay, so the S&P dropped one point zero seven percent, Nasdaq fell one point four seven, but the Russell 2000 got absolutely mugged—down two point zero seven percent. The V I X spiked seven point four seven percent. This is what happens when the AI narrative needs a software update.
The small caps are getting destroyed but the big ones are just... gently declining?
Yes, because apparently size matters when the growth story collapses. Nvidia and A M D both down three point eight five percent—they're in perfect sync, like they choreographed their own funeral.
Wait, they're down the exact same amount? That's not a coincidence, that's a signal. The entire chip sector chose violence today. Broadcom down three point zero two, and the Nasdaq got hit harder than the S&P because it's basically a semiconductor holding company with a search engine attached.
So the AI hype machine finally needs a service, and everyone realizes Nvidia's valuation was basically "what if we just kept saying the number bigger."
The bond market's already pricing in that growth is about to take a nap. The dollar's up. Investors are rotating into safety the way your grandpa rotates into the early bird special—slowly, deliberately, and with no second thoughts.
Mastercard and Adobe are up—two point zero one and two point six eight percent respectively—because apparently the market's decided that if you can't win with semiconductors, you win with the stuff that processes payments for people buying semiconductors. It's peak circular logic.
So Jerome Powell's entire legacy hinges on one thing—inflation fighting—and he actually won that battle.
↳ source: https://www.marketwatch.com/story/powells-legacy-as-fed-chair-is-fighting-inflation-and-trump-he-may-lose-the-battle-against-both-aeb32f89?mod=mw_rss_topstories
But that's the win, right? He crushed inflation. Why is MarketWatch writing his obituary?
Because winning the inflation fight and losing control of the narrative are two different things. Trump's now talking about tariffs, which is basically fiscal dynamite wrapped in a campaign promise. Powell can't fight that with interest rates.
Wait, tariffs are an inflation bomb that the Fed can't control. The Fed raises rates to fight inflation they created—Powell can point at that and say we did our job. But tariffs are price controls that come from the executive branch. If Trump slaps tariffs on everything, that's stagflation, and Powell's credibility gets shredded either way.
So Powell's like a firefighter who put out the fire, and now someone's about to pour gasoline on the ashes while blaming the firefighter for the smoke.
Exactly. The Fed's independence is the other half of his legacy, and it's already under siege. Trump's been publicly criticizing Powell for months—calling the Fed too restrictive, too hawkish. Powell's trying to preserve the institutional credibility of the Fed by staying apolitical, but the moment Trump takes office, that becomes a liability, not a virtue.
↳ source: https://www.marketwatch.com/story/powells-legacy-as-fed-chair-is-fighting-inflation-and-trump-he-may-lose-the-battle-against-both-aeb32f89?mod=mw_rss_topstories
The Fed cut rates in twenty twenty-four because inflation was actually cooling. But if tariffs reignite inflation and the Fed has to raise again, Trump's going to tweet that Powell's sabotaging the economy. Powell can't win. He either keeps rates low and looks like he's enabling inflation, or he raises them and gets publicly humiliated by the President.
So his legacy isn't actually about inflation or Trump—it's about whether the Fed survives as an independent institution at all?
That's the real story. Powell's term ends in twenty twenty-six. If Trump pressures him to cut rates below what the data supports, Powell either capitulates—and the Fed becomes a political tool—or he resists and becomes the most unpopular central banker in a generation. The thirty-year Treasury yield just hit five point one percent—highest in nearly a year—and the bond market's basically saying the US debt load is a feature, not a bug.
↳ source: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/us-debt-load-could-undercut-100421810.html
Five point one? That's the number where investors stop pretending the deficit is someone else's problem.
Exactly. Long-term investors are pricing in either persistent price pressure or the government never actually fixing the structural spending problem. Possibly both.
So the thirty-year bond is the market's way of saying "we're lending you money for three decades and we're charging you five point one percent because we genuinely don't know if you'll still be solvent." That's not confidence, that's a hostage negotiation.
British Gas paid twenty million pounds for force-fitting prepayment meters on vulnerable customers—regulatory theater that costs just enough to feel like punishment but not enough to change behavior.
Twenty million is the fine that says "we broke the rules, we got caught, and we've already calculated that the fine is cheaper than not breaking them next time."
The regulator said British Gas breached licence conditions aimed at protecting vulnerable customers. Twenty million pounds sounds big until you realize it's a rounding error for an energy supplier and doesn't actually prevent them from doing it again.
So the penalty is basically a subscription fee for regulatory violations?
Exactly.
This show is for entertainment and education only — nothing here is investment advice.